hello welcome to my channel beautifully
lifted lifting up beautiful Souls
yes I know it's been a while I said I
was gonna make youtube videos and then I
made like one video which was a hit and
it was a really crappy video but today
it's not about that today is a hair
review video which is why I clicked onto
it and but first I'm gonna just tell you
guys one I have been buying hair from
Aliexpress for about four years
different vendors different things
paying for it with my own money you nice
hair how you do company hair a bunch of
other lower hairs and today's you Lisa
here one if you're gonna buy from
Aliexpress there are some things that I
suggest you do first one I try to stay
away from little companies that don't
have any reviews that people don't
really buy from they don't have feedback
they don't have photos there's no videos
there's nothing on this hair do you want
to purchase this here now I've tried it
some just cuz you know I'm a risky
person if I had a little extra money and
it wasn't expensive I'll try it but um
this is what I do before I purchase hair
because you're a hard-working person so
you need you know when I was in school
at the time so you know you need
something good for your coin so one I
look up companies I look at pair prices
sometimes I want to try something new
and I look at the feedback that's on
Aliexpress that's one of the most
credible sources for me personally
because pd's people are buying their own
the hair with their own money their Pope
they're posting photos of what they've
gotten how it looks
does it look rig Whiggish does it look
realistic if they're shedding eye I go
based on real people who spend their
hard-earned money on it because of
course the companies are gonna send good
hair because they won't get hair reviews
and so I look at that one and then I
also check out photos I try to stay away
from places that don't have photos they
have feedback they don't have photos I
try to find places that have lots of
photos the kind of review and see like
what did the actual
look like people post pictures
afterwards you know feedback I look at
that and then I also try to see if I
could find videos on YouTube so I get
another opinion I try to get multiple
opinions before purchasing and so um the
hair my daddy's in the background she
just woke up she always every time I
I've been trying to make a video for
months now and she just keeps waking up
and one in care right before my video
say hi sorry maybe this is another
reason why I haven't been posting videos
but um yes so I look at YouTube videos I
look at hair Bru's of course because
they definitely know what they're
talking about as far as longevity and so
forth like I said I'm not a hair expert
but I do think that I am a credible
Aliexpress shopper so I'm I make most of
my hair into wigs
I'm do you parts I do close your wigs
and this is my first frontal wig and so
I do have a frontal and two and a half
on those even though I purchased like
three or four and um yeah so I do find
longevity with wigs so if you are gonna
purchase from Aliexpress I do highly
recommend making into a wig just because
the last longer you are not getting $500
hair the more you spend on hair
sometimes the better quality I'm not
gonna say if you're gonna spend five
hundred six hundred dollars you're gonna
get better quality hair cuz I've seen
that that's not always the case
um but yeah so um I'd be recommend
making into a wig so this is my review
on making it into a wig and this is the
first time I bleached my nuts and also
the first time I kind of customized good
stuff
a frontal so I do know that I do have
work to do I usually got to be glue just
because first time I'm not really trying
to pull out my edges you know I was just
practice
anyway let's get into the review so this
hair that I am wearing is yo Lisa here
you may have seen this been reviewed by
a bunch of hair girl such as Malibu face
and so forth um so I decides to give it
a try just because it was one of the
ones that they recommend it and then it
had a lot of reviews a lot of feedback
for people who bought it in hey there's
some good hair in my opinion I mean it
was one of the best years that I
purchased on Aliexpress I purchased
multiple ones I do prefer it over your
youness hair I don't remember the inches
and I don't remember the exact price I
paid for I will put that in the
description um but I ended up purchasing
I believe 3 bundles and one frontal and
I only need it like two bundles and I
like my hair really full it seems pretty
good you know like I said I have
practice so I need to temp the lace a
little bit and I like that but there was
no Shetty at all no all colors coming
out in the water when I washed it
there was another that this hair since
October but I just installed this
particular unit yesterday um so we still
have time I'll give you guys an update
later
um so the bundles are really full I
can't say that because usually I'm like
I get four to be safe but I didn't even
have to use all of it I have at least
two bundles that's just sitting there
it's a so I'm just stocking up on these
extra bundles I may use them for
something eventually
under 200 I think it was like 178 179 or
something I think was slightly I sell
but there always was so on Aliexpress
[Music]
longevity I'm not sure the in a tick
well to the bleaching of knots my roots
and stuff because my first time
bleaching you guys and I think I over
bleached it so I think that's a pretty
good key the Scheinman machine is pretty
good it looks very realistic it's very
flowy which is what I like it's
lightweight it took two curls because I
curled it so first I straightened it to
try to shape it straighten their bone
straight again it
it's really straight and then I decided
to curl it and then awesome when I wet
it it tends to go back to kinda its
natural state so I think that's her like
I said it's one of the best hair that I
have purchased on Aliexpress if you're
looking for Aliexpress doesn't afraid
the style is pretty good it's very
natural with the frontal I do not want
to show you guys parting because I kind
of molded this middle part so it's like
stuck on this middle part but I'm sure
if I was to readjust it you see it's
pretty it's pretty good in my opinion
longevity I will give you update on that
I can't sing much yet um or else it
takes well to curling and styling
washing the chicks well - washing it
doesn't expect any tinkling like I said
I just dispelled this unit however this
unit has been tossed and thrown around
before I installed it I took they went
under the bed I don't think adhering
there it's been mistreated a lot and it
helped it holds up pretty good so I'm
pretty satisfied with that it's worth
buying I personally think it is it's but
so it's not just the hair ghouls
recommending it I person who bought it
with my own money recommend it if you
want to try something out make it into a
wig and spend less than $200 see I'm
going through no strings no strings ah
and they're still keeping the curl I did
not use hairspray I did not I just
quickly want cuz it I need him to leave
it on too long
so um yeah any cons with this hair um
not yet with this particular Union so
I'm trying to learn how to do it myself
so you're a big
and stuff I would recommend his hair so
definitely it's worth the money I am NOT
sponsored the ELISA did not contact me I
did not get out in a hurry you see I
don't get that much views honey
I just started I just started I just
started so I'm not sponsored I'm not
earning money I am doing this with my
own time out of boredom or just because
I like to see myself on a camera and so
yeah I definitely recommend this hair I
know this probably isn't your best
review I don't know what you guys all
look for it took well when I cut it I
did cut the rest towards thick and I did
not cut the whips anywhere else but
towards like the closure part just
install this hair I've made this week in
October it's good time around rubbed up
against clothes okay well just put it
that way it's been hell and it still
looks pretty when I finally installed it
it still looks pretty great it's pretty
fool you don't even use all the bundles
I would still get three bundles to me
but I didn't use it all I have left over
here so when I want to be fresh in my
wig or whatever I have hair to go back
to it was affordable I think it will
last we'll see I'll give you guys an
update later on and yes I'm trying to
learn that it slay it okay I'm trying to
learn how to do it this first time was
kind of a fail but it's doing me
something okay I don't look ratchet I
just had my baby it's gonna struggle to
put some work into myself huh I do think
the frontal curls better than the
natural bundles maybe it's just I don't
know what it is but that's just what it
seemed like any cons on it I don't see
too much cons on me or just for the
affordability for a beginner I think
it's worth it so I will leave the link
and all of this information down below I
am a fan of you Lisa here it has become
one of my favorite companies this is the
second time purchasing from them but
yeah that's all
if you want me to answer more questions
I will respond to your comments I really
just wanted to make a video in the
review I will probably make my reviews
better and more professional I don't
even have a backdrop you guys like like
I said I am a mom a new mom 25 years old
I was working two full-time jobs like
you know you know I had a lot going on
talk about a backdrop yet go go go go go
go go go go go go all right that's it
this video